#easy 
You are given a string `num` representing a large integer. An integer is **good** if it meets the following conditions:

- It is a **substring** of `num` with length `3`.
- It consists of only one unique digit.

Return _the **maximum good** integer as a **string** or an empty string_ `""` _if no such integer exists_.

Note:

- A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters within a string.
- There may be **leading zeroes** in `num` or a good integer.
****
**Umpire**
goal: finding the largest 3 consistence int in the string

input: sting of int
output: string of 3 consistence int

similar: window panel 

plan:
- have a save that is a set 
	- it there to save all the 3 consistence without having multiple
- for loop the length of the string - 2 so it doesn't go over the length
	- check if num at i == to num at i+1 and 1+2
		- if so append to save
- check if save is empty
	- if so return ""
- return max(save)

Improve on the code:
- we create a string that contain "9876543210"
- we loop through that string
	- we check if the input have i * 3 contain in the input
		- if so return i * 3 
- return "" since we found nothing that have 3 consistence int in the input


****
**Example 1:**

**Input:** num = "6**777**133339"
**Output:** "777"
**Explanation:** There are two distinct good integers: "777" and "333".
"777" is the largest, so we return "777".

**Example 2:**

**Input:** num = "23**000**19"
**Output:** "000"
**Explanation:** "000" is the only good integer.

**Example 3:**

**Input:** num = "42352338"
**Output:** ""
**Explanation:** No substring of length 3 consists of only one unique digit. Therefore, there are no good integers.